Cooperation ended
You as the person in charge
Should you give me an explanation?
I'm just a part-time worker.
Everything is under the command of the superior
I can't get in touch with Mr. Gu these days.
Could you please give me a message?
I didn't order the Xicheng construction site
You'd better tell Mr. Gu about this yourself
Is he in there?
I heard it was his mother tonight. Stay away from him.
Mr. Gu, I'm here to find you
The Xicheng construction site
It was my secretary who did it behind my back
I only found out after the fact
You look after Mr. Gu
Can we discuss our cooperation again?
You can't even manage your own secretary
I find it hard to believe you.
To be able to manage such a large collaboration
My car will be here soon.
I'll take you back later.
No, I'll go back by myself.
You're still mad?
dare not
Because I scolded him just now, he actually